it's Clint from smoking too Icom taking
a test run today with the Bubba keg
double wall insulated steel convection
cooker already got this puppy inching up
to six hundred and fifty degrees we've
thrown one chimney of lump charcoal in
there and just testing out the
temperatures on it
we've also greased down the cast iron
grate cast iron of course is is a great
cooking surface so we're definitely
liking that but you want to season it
well just as you would with a cast iron
skillet so we've got some canola oil
that we've rubbed it down with and just
running it at high heat to get that
cooked in alright so let's talk about
some of the features on this Bubba keg
as it gets up towards 700 degrees still
cool to the touch double walled steel
insulated we've got a adjustable vent on
the top that's numbered so supposedly
you can pay attention to the numbers and
dial it up or down depending on what
you're cooking I don't cook by numbers
but for many people I'm sure that's very
helpful and same with the bottom this
damper has numbers on it as well
I'm not sure if you can see that but it
does I've got it open all the way
there's a sliding mesh boom here too
which is great to keep all of those
embers inside but even down here where
we've got that lump called burning away
it's cool to the touch
it's got a laugh here so you can make
sure that the lid is closed down all the
way creating a tight seal and then
that's this gasket running all the way
around the edge to keep a nice seal on
it similar to a a big green egg and
design but made out of steel the cool
thing which a big green egg doesn't have
is these two removable side shelves give
you some place to arrest plates or need
or whatever the heck you got going on
Plus this my favorite feature if you can
see that bottle openers on both sides of
the front handle so you can open your
cokes or adult beverages or whatever the
heck you got going on so the bubble keg
is still chugging along we got it up to
about 750 degrees 750 that is darn hot
folks let's open up this puppy again
show you a couple of other cool features
as I mentioned before we got a cast iron
main grate here which can actually be
adjusted to two different levels
depending on how close you want it to
the fire or a little bit higher for
smoking the one thing that I am
wondering and tomorrow we'll take it for
a test run for slow smoking but there is
doesn't seem to be a way to defuse the
heat for low and slow cooking similar to
the plate setter in the Big Green Egg or
a water pan and the WSM s that I use for
competition cooking so we may have to
come up with some sort of a modification
for that
just keep the direct heat away from the
meat this though I do think it's really
cool it's a second rack that just pops
into those holes so it gives you a
second level there if you wanted to
start meat hot on the Maine great sear
it and then move it up here so that is
the Bubba keg let's take it for a test
ride maybe go get a steak see what it
does
you